Guide on disk storage size (#154)
crate/cratedb-guide: docs/performance/storage_usage.md

| "taxi_nocolumnstore_bestcompression"        | 2964624 | 205           | 34                       | 69                   |
| "taxi_noindex_bestcompression"              | 2964624 | 212           | 35                       | 71                   |
| "taxi_nocolumnstore_noindex"                | 2964624 | 237           | 39                       | 80                   |
| "taxi_bestcompresion"                       | 2964624 | 290           | 48                       | 98                   |
| "taxi_noindex"                              | 2964624 | 317           | 52                       | 107                  |
| "taxi_nocolumnstore"                        | 2964624 | 319           | 53                       | 107                  |
| "taxi"                                      | 2964624 | 385           | 64                       | 130                  |

To summarize:

1. `total_size_mb` is the sum of the disk used in `mb` of all the primary shards
2. All primary shards make the full table.
3. By default, every table will have a maximum of one replica.

The original `775MB` can be calculated as:

`64mb per shard * (6 primary shards + 6 replica shards) = 768`

> > The result are slightly off `768 ~= 775` because in this example, decimals are being ignored.
> > The goal is to give you an idea on how tweaking some CrateDB aspect can affect storage, being
> > overly precise to the kilobyte level
> > does not matter too much.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{note}
The result are slightly off `768 ~= 775` because in this example, decimals are being ignored.
The goal is to give you an idea on how tweaking some CrateDB aspect can affect storage.
Being overly precise to the kilobyte level does not matter too much.
:::
```

> Query with everything applied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To max out the available options, let's create a table with all indexing and
storage options turned off, and using the highest compression option.
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS "doc"."taxi_nocolumnstore_noindex_bestcompresion" (
   "VendorID" BIGINT INDEX OFF STORAGE WITH (
      columnstore = false
   ),
   "tpep_pickup_datetime" TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE INDEX OFF STORAGE WITH (
      columnstore = false
   ),
   "tpep_dropoff_datetime" TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE INDEX OFF STORAGE WITH (
      columnstore = false
   ),
   ...
   WITH (codec = 'best_compression')
```

> 

Reviewer: Should here be something more?

> ### What to do

Reviewer: Not sure?
```suggestion
### Conclusion
```

> CrateDB default settings are optimized for performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CrateDB's default settings are optimized for performance.
```

If some columns will never be used for aggregations or groupings, there will be no performance
penalty.
That might change in the future as your use case and data needs evolve, re-adding indexes or column
store at later stages
will need re-creating tables, which might need some downtime, depending on the setup.

> It is important to evaluate well the strategy and use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When designing your data model, it is important to evaluate your
table strategy and use case well.
```

## Extra: Data normalization

> One of the most common ways to reduce storage usage is to not write data more than once, by
> normalizing your tables.
> 
> Read more about it in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_normalization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most common ways to reduce storage size is to not write data more
than once, for example by [normalizing your tables].

[normalizing your tables]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Database_normalization
```
